2482: Update Partner Center Guidance in "Publishing a PWA to Microsoft Store" Docs (#2535)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/microsoft-store.md

| **Discoverability** | Users naturally look for apps in the app store.  When you publish to the Microsoft Store, millions of Windows users can discover your PWA alongside other Windows apps.  The Store showcases apps through categories, curated collections, and more.  App discovery portals provide an easy browsing and shopping experience for potential users of your app.  You can even enhance your Store listing with screenshots, a hero image, and video trailers - see [App screenshots, images, and trailers](/windows/apps/publish/publish-your-app/screenshots-and-images). |
| **Trustworthiness** | Windows customers know they can trust their Microsoft Store purchases and downloads, because they adhere to the rigorous Microsoft [quality and safety standards](/legal/windows/agreements/store-policies). |
| **Easy install** | The Microsoft Store provides a consistent and user-friendly install experience across [all Windows 10 or later apps](https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/windows). |

> | **App analytics** | The [Microsoft Partner Center dashboard](/windows/uwp/publish/index) provides you with [detailed analytics](/windows/uwp/publish/analytics) about your app health, usage, and more. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **App analytics** | The [Microsoft Partner Center dashboard](/windows/uwp/publish/index) provides [detailed analytics](/windows/uwp/publish/analytics) about your app health, usage, and more. |
```
streamlined extra "you" verbiage to increase focus

To publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store, no code changes are required.  Instead, you create an app reservation, package your PWA, and submit your package to the Store.  The following sections explain the steps.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Create an app reservation

> [Microsoft Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/windows/overview) is the hub for you to submit your app to the Microsoft Store. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit your app to the Microsoft Store, use [Microsoft Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/windows/overview).
```

> [Microsoft Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/windows/overview) is the hub for you to submit your app to the Microsoft Store. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit your app to the Microsoft Store, you use [Microsoft Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/windows/overview).
```
This link is out of place here and confuses the action-steps flow, but moving it might be out of scope for this PR.

> [Microsoft Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/windows/overview) is the hub for you to submit your app to the Microsoft Store. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This excess link seems to be floating out-of-place, confusing the flow.  Are you telling me to click the link now?  It introduces confusion, prematurely presented.  Where's a better spot in the page, is a good PC link already there?

Here's the improved wording I initially entered, maybe use it in some other spot:
```
To submit your app to the Microsoft Store, use [Microsoft Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/windows/overview).
```

To create an app reservation:

> 1.  Before you can create an app reservation, you must have a **personal** Microsoft account that is enrolled in the Windows Developer Program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Before you can create an app reservation, you must have a **personal** Microsoft account (not a work Microsoft account or a school Microsoft account) that is enrolled in the Windows Developer Program.
```
instead of emphasizing "personal", more helpful and specific is to explicitly state what account types not to use.

wording derived from step 4 of
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/aad-account#if-the-primary-owner-of-your-partner-center-account-isnt-a-microsoft-account-msa

>     1.  If you don't already have one, create a Personal Microsoft Account [here.](https://account.microsoft.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  If you don't already have one, create a Personal Microsoft Account at [account.microsoft.com](https://account.microsoft.com/).
```
one possible solution.

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/urls-web-addresses#references-to-specific-sites-and-domains

re: link text other than "here":
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/urls-web-addresses - "Write brief but meaningful link text, using the title or a description of a page rather than a generic phrase like _click here_."

>     1.  Follow [this guidance](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/publish/partner-center/open-a-developer-account) on how to enroll in the Windows Developer program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Follow [this guidance](/windows/apps/publish/partner-center/open-a-developer-account) on how to enroll in the Windows Developer program.
```

1.  Once your account is enrolled in the app developer program, follow these steps to create an app reservation:
    1.  Open up the [Partner Center Dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/home). Sign in with the account you enrolled.

>     1.  Under **Workspaces**, select **Apps and games**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Under **Workspaces**, select **Apps and games**.  The **Overview** page for **Apps and games** appears.
```

>     1.  Open up the [Partner Center Dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/home). Sign in with the account you enrolled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Go to the [Partner Center Dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/home). Sign in with the account you enrolled.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/procedures-instructions/describing-interactions-with-ui - the "Go to" row

>     1.  Under overview, select **New product** > **MSIX or PWA app**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Under **Overview**, select **New product** > **MSIX or PWA app**.
```
if UI says "Overview", which I think it does, bold + init cap.
if not:
```
Under the overview, select ...
```

>     1.  When prompted, enter a name for your reservation and select **Reserve product name**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  When prompted, enter a name for your reservation, and then select **Reserve product name**.
```
comma to break into separate sub-steps

    ![Create an app reservation on Microsoft Partner Center](../media/windows-partner-center-new-product.png)

1.  To display your publisher details for use in the [Package your PWA](#package-your-pwa-for-the-store) section, select **Product management** > **Product Identity**.

    ![Copy your publisher information from Microsoft Partner Center](../media/windows-partner-center-publisher-info.msft.png)
    <!-- lightbox justified because large detailed image -->

> 1.  Copy and save the following values.

Reviewer: line ~52, change from:
```
```
to:
```
* **Publisher display name**
```
to match the UI shown in gh rendered section:
https://github.com/zateutsch/edge-developer/blob/2482-updated-pwa-partner-center-guidance/microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/microsoft-store.md#package-your-pwa-for-the-store

Reviewer 2: done

> 

Reviewer: line ~76: to avoid the "?." dup punc, change from:
```
see [What is a classic package?](https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwabuilder-windows-chromium-docs/blob/master/classic-package.md).
```
to:
```
see [What is a classic package?](https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwabuilder-windows-chromium-docs/blob/master/classic-package.md)
```
rendered: end of section:
https://github.com/zateutsch/edge-developer/blob/2482-updated-pwa-partner-center-guidance/microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/microsoft-store.md#package-your-pwa-for-the-store

Reviewer 2: done

To submit your app to the Microsoft Store:

> 1.  Go to [Microsoft Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/windows/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Go to [Microsoft Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/windows/overview).
```

1.  Select your app.

> 1.  Select **Start your Submission**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Select **Start your submission**.
```
to match UI, rendered:
https://github.com/zateutsch/edge-developer/blob/2482-updated-pwa-partner-center-guidance/microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/microsoft-store.md#submit-your-app-package-to-the-store
